Serenity updates december (#1065)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-11/2-TA-addrows.md

---

> # Add New Rows to the Table Attribute from the PEF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add New Rows to a Table Attribute from the PEF
```

::: meta-data type="New" features="Governance" available="Late-October" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-multidimensional-data-in-a-table.html"

> Add new row options to your tables directly from the Product Edit Form. As soon as you realize a row is missing, you no longer have to go back to the Settings page to edit your Table Attribute. Staying in the PEF will help you stay focused on enrichment and get your products will be ready to be shared in no time!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new row options to your tables directly from the Product Edit Form. Sometimes you may realize that a row is missing, or maybe you've introduced a new option while you're working with your products. Now you won't need to go make global changes on the Settings page to edit your Table Attribute. Staying in the PEF will help you stay focused on enrichment and your products will be 100% complete in no time!
```
